David Boivin (40004941) Diary

<<<<<<< Updated upstream

January 16, 2019: 
	Attended first team meeting at 21:30 in room H-903. My role for Iteration 1 is 
	view coder and I recommeded that we use the JavaFX API . Additionaly the team 
	and I shared contact information and as much as possible tried to link ourselves
	up through our communication plateform, Slack, and our version control 
	plateform, Github.

January 17, 2019: 
	Worked on and completed a basic template of how I invision the MVC model 
	implementation in application using Command Pattern and Observer Pattern. Issues 
	uploading to Github repository, currently in communication with Kevin to resolve
	issue. 
=======
January 16, 2019:
	Attended first team meeting at 21:30 in room H-903. My role for Iteration 1 is view coder 
	and I recommeded that we use the JavaFX API . Additionaly the team and I shared contact 
	information and as much as possible tried to link ourselves up through our communication plateform, 
	Slack, and our version control plateform, Github.

January 17, 2019: 
	Worked on and completed a basic template of how I invision the MVC model implementation in application 
	using Command Pattern and Observer Pattern. Issues uploading to Github repository, currently in 
	communication with Kevin to resolve issue.
>>>>>>> Stashed changes

January 18, 2019: 
	Drew up basic GUI hierachy.

January 19, 2019: 
<<<<<<< Updated upstream
	Started work implementing container classes (aka Panes in JavaFX terms) BoardView,
	FieldView, HQView and SafeHouseView. Also began work on CardView and it's 
	Observer implementation. Work has been done locally since the github issue has 
	not been resolved, communication still in process.

January 23, 2019: 
	Attendend second team meeting in H-903 at 20:30. We finalized specific team
	member tasks, then split into groups of coders and documenters. The coders 
	showed the template code each of us have created (for our respective parts), 
	discussed an overview of the different patterns we are required to use (Observable, 
	Command, Strategy and MVC), and how to link each part of the MVC pattern. Finally 
	we came up with a rough draft of the mechanics behind the Messanger solution, 
	which combines both the observable pattern and command pattern. At the end of the 
	meeting we made sure to sync up with the documentation team and explain our plans 
	moving forward. Kevin was kind enough to stay behind with me to work out the github 
	issues I was having uploading my documents.

January 29th, 2019: 
	Finished building structure for ui. changed Safe HouseView to a ToolBar names 
	controlbar. Implemented base styling for hq element, field and controlbar. waiting
	on final decision on connection points to Controller and Model elements.

January 30th, 2019: 
	Attended team meeting in H903 at 20:30. Group discussion and finalization of 
	deadlines for source code, documents and minutes/diaries. Coders discussed 
	wordbase, linkage of view and control parts through (observable inbox/outbox) 
	including different message types and the flow of program initialization (
	constructing and linking different MVC parts). TA said we were on the right track
	(with the exception of guesses).

January 31st-February 01st, 2019: 
	Finished up styling of gui. Waiting on finalized Message, Reply, Inbox and 
	Outbox classes.
	
February 5th, 2019: 
	Implemented linking mechanism through Inbox and Outbox for Controller to receive 
	inputs from gui and replies with changes for gui to make, respectively.
	
February 6th, 2019: 
	Created end game screen and helped work out some bugs with the connection 
	mechanism between view and controller. Also uploaded diary to project repository.
	
	
	