Professor Gregory Butler
COMP 354 - Software Engineering			
Diary #1 - January, Wednesday 16 of 2019

	We introduced ourselves, around 9:40pm we were 9 people setting up our means of
communication and organization for the duration of the 4 project iterations. We used GitHub
as our online repository and Slack as our means of communication. We talked about how we
should divide each other into groups of 3 or 4, and decided that my responsibility for the
first iteration was going to be a documenter with 2 other team members. Among our 
conversation in the lab, we discussed things such as the project, the game structure and its
rules, each other's expertise, how many times a week we should see each other to discuss any
progress or questions we might have, our tasks for the following meeting, and mostly helping
each other to be able to work individually and cooperatively when needed.

	An integrant of the team, Kevin McAllister, familiarized us with GitHub's & Slack
functionalities, from setting up the softwares in our computers, to doing our first pull
request.

	Overall a great first experience working with a group of 12, I was able to feel the
positiviness in our group. My hopes for this semester are to get as close as I can to the A+,
and not wanting to kill anyone in my group by the end of the semester.

My tasks for this week:
1) Familiarize myself with the game a little more.
2) Learn Latex.
Optional) Make a quick tutorial or cheatsheet for the rest of my team-mates.

__

Professor Gregory Butler
COMP 354 - Software Engineering			
Diary #2 - Tuesday 22, January of 2019
We met in the 8th floor of the H building to answer any possible questions from the
documentation. We also got introduced to 2 new members of the team and helped them to
get on track so that we had something to work on the following day (Wednesday 23rd).
We read the outline of the documentation report and told the new team members to get
familiarized with LaTeX and how Code Names works.

__

Professor Gregory Butler
COMP 354 - Software Engineering			
Diary #3 - Wednesday 23, January of 2019

We separated each other into our respective groups, and introduced ourselves to our new last
member of the team. We made sure we were all familiar with LaTeX & the game. We divided the
outline of the documentation report in 2 to have a manageable workload for the week, and 
distributed the bullet points of the outline among the documenters. We didn't know what
eveything in the outline meant, so we tried to define what each part would be, and formulated
questions for the next class in case we got anything wrong in our brainstorm session.

__

Professor Gregory Butler
COMP 354 - Software Engineering			
Diary #4 - Wednesday 30, January of 2019

I arrived a couple of hours earlier to the lab to get my act together and keep designing the 
domain model. Lab time started at 8:30pm since the team decided to meet earlier during lab
hours for the duration of the semester. The TA checked if our team was on track, he said
everything was fine so far and explained any doubts we had. At the end of the TA's explanation 
we got to ask questions about the documentations. I figured out how to design the domain 
model & by the of the meeting we distributed the other half of the documentation outline to
have it ready by next Tuesday (one day before our Demo). Annes, the organizer, arranged a
meeting for the documenters so that we could put things together without having to do it during
Demo time.

__

Professor Gregory Butler
COMP 354 - Software Engineering			
Diary #5 - Wednesday 6, February of 2019

I arrived prepared to the lab at 8:45pm, my team was already sitting down doing work. We were
supposed to demo to the TA today, but apparently he's not supposed to grade our demo, so we just 
continued doing work. I started my second Domain Model today and finished the first one over the 
last weekend in a coffee shop with a cute girl I have a crush on. This second domain model is
essentially the same as the other one, but with attributes. I can definately tell anyone now how
the game works now.
